♪ You woke up this morning
Got yourself a gun ♪
♪ Your mama always said
You'd be the chosen one ♪
♪ She said
"You're one in a million ♪
♪ And you've got to burn
To shine" ♪
♪ But you were born
Under a bad sign ♪
♪ With a blue moon
In your eyes ♪
♪ And you woke up this morning
And all that love had gone ♪
♪ Your papa never told you
About right and wrong ♪
♪ But you're looking good
Baby ♪
♪ I believe that
You're a-feelin' fine ♪
♪ No shame about it ♪
♪ Born under a bad sign ♪
♪ With a blue moon
In your eyes ♪
♪ Sing it now ♪
♪ Woke up this morning ♪
♪ You got a blue moon ♪
♪ Got a blue moon
In your eyes ♪
♪ Woke up this morning ♪
♪ You say you woke up
This morning ♪
♪ The world turned
Upside down ♪
♪ Lordy. brother
Things ain't been the same ♪
♪ Since the blues
Walked in our town ♪
♪ But you're one in a million ♪
♪ 'Cause you got
That shotgun shine ♪
♪ No shame about it
Born under a bad sign ♪
♪ With a blue moon
In your eyes. yeah ♪
- ♪ Yeah ♪
- ♪ Woke up this morning ♪
♪ Got yourself a gun ♪
- ♪ Got yourself a gun ♪
♪ I'm your captain
I'm your captain ♪
♪ Though I'm feeling ♪
♪ Mighty sick ♪
♪ Everybody... ♪
Hey. you got
the crescent wrench?
Fucking thing.
nobody ever puts it back...
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Oh. my God.
Tony!
Oh. my God. Tony.
are you all right?
Uncle Ben.
What happened?
Hey. What are you doing here?
We had to drive out here
'cause some schmuck
stole the VCR
from the common room.
Public Enemy.
This is a great movie.
For a class. Just finished.
We're out of here.
Forty grand a year
to watch old movies?
Who's "we"?
Just a friend
from class. okay?
Your mom
likes lavender.
I'll be ready
to bolt in a sec.
- Mr. Soprano?
- Yeah.
Hey. I'm Noah Tannenbaum.
How you doing?
Appreciate you
letting us screen here.
Those Bose direct reflectors
make all the difference.
You a film buff?
People say Hawks invented
the genre with Scarface.
but Cagney was modernity.
Muni was not.
so I give the nod
to William Wellman.
Noah. I'm just gonna grab
the Barenaked Ladies CD.
and then let's hit the road.
Last year this course
is being offered.
"Images of Hypercapitalist
Self-Advancement
in the Era
of the Studio System."
So you guys. um...
you know. you and Meadow.
are you. uh...?
Little early to say.
What's your background. Noel?
Noah.
I'm from Los Angeles.
West L.A.
- No. what I mean is...
- My family's in the business.
I mean show business.
I don't know why
they call it "the business."
Those old Tarzan movies?
My dad's
an entertainment lawyer.
Oh.
No. what I mean is.
like. we're Italian.
Oh. my dad is Jewish
and my mother's family
is African-American.
"Tannenbaum." Right.
But on your application
to Columbia.
you didn't check "Jewish."
did you?
No. they can't ask
about religious affiliation.
Oh. right.
Right. of course.
What'd you check?
African-American.
So we do understand
each other here?
You're a ditsoon.
Excuse me?
A charcoal briquette.
A moolinyan.
What's your problem?
I think you know
what my problem is.
You see. your little
friend up there.
she didn't do you any favors
bringing you into this house.
Now. I don't know
what the fuck she was thinking.
We'll get to that later.
See. I got business
associates who are black.
and they don't want my son
with their daughters.
and I don't want
their sons with mine.
Fuck you!
See. that's the kind of thing
I'm hoping to avoid.
So when my little girl
comes down the stairs.
you're gonna say how nice
it was to meet me.
Then you're gonna go
drop her off at school
and you're gonna
say goodbye.
Come on if you want
to see the Garden State.
We're gonna drop by Hunter's.
I want her to meet Noah.
Then we'll be back
to pick up my laundry.
Later. Dad.
I don't got time
for these fucking attacks.
You were so good
for months.
If you didn't
instigate things...
- I instigate?
- He's just a new friend. Tony.
You didn't see the way
they were looking at each other.
You want her to be with him.
just keep it up.
Keep playing the race card.
you're gonna drive her
right into his arms.
Not if I cut off
those fucking arms.
Stop it.
Let me deal with it.
if anybody's
gonna deal with it.
Make things worse
with your bullshit.
I'm gonna be really pissed.
I should call Cusamano.
You might need stitches.
Yeah. if one of my sisters
ever brought home
a fucking butterhead.
you know what
my old man would do?
Hey. Ma.
Look who calls.
Well. actually. I'm standing
here in front of you.
Ah.
Hey.
So how's it going?
What do you care?
Out of sight.
out of mind.
Brought you some
books on tape.
since you say you can't
concentrate to read.
I wish the Lord
would take me now.
Well. in the meantime.
brought you
The Horse Whisperer
and Omerta.
Why? What's wrong. tell me?
What. are you gonna freak out
every time I try
to do something nice for you?
Jesus.
What's this?
She's going to finish baby
journals from long time ago.
My idea.
Oh. yeah. I remember these.
Carmela gave you one of these
for each of the kids
when they were born.
What the fuck?
Look at this.
Supposed to fill these out.
20 years. fat fucking nothing.
Now. look here. I don't like
that kind of talk.
Now. just stop it.
It upsets me.
Carmela's mother returned
these books to the kids
filled with memories.
You can't write
stuff down from your life
for your grandkids?
It's none of
anybody's business.
Yeah. you're too busy
feeling sorry for yourself.
She will do it.
It's good for her.
She realize that.
Keep her mind active.
Why do anything if there's
not something in it for her?
All right. listen up.
I want you to concentrate.
I know it's difficult.
Remember the airline tickets?
The tickets were stolen.
Did you say that.
or did the feds say that?
What did you tell them
when you were in the lockup?
Oh! What?
What did I do?
This is important.
They're trying to build
a RICO case against me.
What are you gonna say if they
put you on the witness stand?
'Cause the only reason
they let you go
is to get your cooperation.
Ah.
Don't wave your hankie at me.
What are you gonna say
from now on?
I never stated those tickets
were stolen. capisce?
Now. Barbara will testify
I didn't say it.
but you gotta back her up.
I suppose I should've just kept
my mouth shut. like a mute.
In the future.
any kind of deal
they try to make.
you keep your mouth shut.
You know. for a year.
I didn't speak to you.
Maybe I should've
kept it that way.
Oh...
Fuck it. do what you want.
Did you say something to Noah?
If you're smart. you'll keep
walking down those stairs.
You did.
What did you say?
He was all quiet at Hunter's.
She thinks he's a snob.
Now he's just sitting
out in the car.
What. you didn't hear me?
Maybe if I say it in Swahili.
Meadow. can you
come up here please?
What?
I need your help
with this clasp.
That ain't our beer.
Where'd you get this slop?
Well. it's good. ain't it?
And it's cheaper than yours.
Is my laundry done?
You can sell ours
for the same price.
I can't help it if I have
to buy from Schemer Burns.
- They tell me the same
thing that you do.
- Ah. you're yellow.
Please. you ain't
gonna slug me. are you?
What?
Your mother died.
You're kidding?
I mean. uh...
Jesus Christ.
Svetlana just called.
She said that after dinner.
your mother went upstairs
to get ready for bed.
When Svetlana came up.
your mother was under
the covers in her nightgown.
Svetlana thought
she was asleep.
Svetlana's waiting for us
over there.
She's dead.
I'm sorry. Dad...
that your mom died.
Me too.
Hey. your grandmother loved you.
She loved both you two
very much.
They just removed.
We saw.
She was in no pain.
Tony.
What about the cause of death?
Did they say?
Massive stroke.
Yeah.
So she will not
be finishing journal.
I break promise to you. Tony.
Does not often happen with me.
that these old ones
get away with something.
A journal?
Nothing.
Those "granny remembers" books
you bought her
when the kids were born.
She never touched them.
What's your beef?
Asshole Robert Frost.
How am I supposed to know
what this means?
Like I even care.
"Stopping by Woods
on a Snowy Evening."
Oh. my God. I'm so glad
I'm not in high school
anymore.
- You read this?
- Sure.
What does it mean?
I have to turn in
a close-read by tomorrow.
What does it mean?
"The woods are lovely.
dark and deep.
"but I have promises to keep
and miles to go before I sleep."
Okay. look. where is he?
He's in a field on a horse.
He's not on the horse.
The horse has bells.
- So?
- What kind of horse has bells?
I don't know!
Just give me the fucking answer
so I can write this.
A horse that's pulling a sleigh.
Oh.
So this is
a Thanksgiving poem.
like. "Over the River
and Through the Woods."
to grandma's house we go.
No. it's not
a Thanksgiving poem.
What's covering the field?
- Snow.
- Yay!
And what does snow symbolize?
Christmas?
Hello?
Cold. endless white.
Endless nothing?
I don't know!
- Death.
- I thought black was death.
He has miles to go
before he sleeps.
So. he must be far away
from his house.
The sleep of death.
The big sleep.
He's talking
about his own death.
which is yet to come.
but will come.
That's fucked up.
Gotta go.
I thought black was death.
White too.
I'm coming. I'm coming!
Grandma?
I just can't believe it.
What are you gonna do?
I'll call Janice.
I'll meet you at Cozzerelli's
around noon.
I already called.
Ma didn't want any kind
of service. Tony.
No remembrance at all.
So. we'll pick out
a simple urn or whatever.
I'll see you there.
Proshai. Livushka.
Which means what?
"Goodbye. little Livia."
He's been in this situation
a million times.
and has upped the ante
when needed.
Every time.
Ton'.
Anthony. turn that off.
I'm sorry.
We all know how much
you loved her.
Thanks.
I could imagine
how you feel.
Yeah. well...
what are you gonna do?
I'm sorry. T.
What are you gonna do. you know?
At least
she didn't suffer.
- Thank God.
- Absolutely.
That's right.
My God.
What next. huh?
How is Tony taking it?
Oh. what the fuck!
Goddamn fucking bitch!
She was so awful.
What do I tell my kids
when their own aunt
won't even come to a funeral?
Take it easy.
I'll handle it.
And then he goes. "You gotta
work on Columbus Day weekend."
Eat your eggs. baby.
Ace Garage.
You're not coming to your own
mother's fucking funeral?
May I speak?
You got your sister sobbing!
Go the fuck ahead!
You may recall. Tony.
that I have very good
and valid reasons
why I should not present myself
in the state of New Jersey.
Oh. Jesus. that case
is colder than your tit.
It'd do you good to show up here
at this point.
Nothing to hide!
I don't do well
at funerals. Tony.
Who does? You just don't want
to get your ass
out of whatever chair it's in.
I'm gonna hang the fuck up!
She didn't even want
a funeral. Janice.
But can't you come sit
with your family
during this stressful time?
She was your mother.
Well. you can just
get on a plane.
but for us working folk...
Oh. listen to this.
Woody Guthrie over here.
You know. they got
special rates for family death.
Yeah. half of full fare coach.
which at this late date
comes to $1.100.
Fully researched
and everything. huh?
All right. fuck it.
I'll pay it.
Can I bring my fiancée?
Fuck that!
One seat. coach.
And if you don't show up.
let me tell you right now.
don't come breezing
in here when it's time
to carve up the estate.
I know you think Ma's got money
buried in the house.
What are you telling people
about that other thing?
Richie? He vanished into
the Witness Protection Program.
It's the truth.
right. Janice?
Hm.
Cozzerelli's funeral home.
noon tomorrow.
Does Harper know
his grandmother died?
Him I'll pay for.
Bring him down from Montreal.
He is your son.
Hal is on the pavers. Tony.
He's. um... a street person.
I'm sorry. I didn't know.
See. you're not the only one
with problems.
Be there tomorrow.
Ain't you got a drink
in the house?
Oh. gee. I wish...
There you go with that
wishing stuff again.
I wish you was
a wishing well.
so that I could tie a bucket
to you and sink you.
Maybe you found someone
you like better.
Oh. Tommy!
Let me make you
a cup of tea.
Well. listen. Ma. I came over
to give you something.
Here. take this.
And when you need any more.
just say so. I'm making plenty.
- We don't want your money.
- I'm taking care of Ma.
- On two bits a week?
- Ma don't go to nightclubs
- and she don't
drink champagne.
- How do you know?
I used to dance
when I was a girl.
Money don't mean nothing to me.
No. I guess not. but with
no heart and no brains.
that's all you've got.
you'll need it.
Tommy. Tommy!
Oh. Tommy!
His mother died last night.
No shit?
Ton'. I'm so sorry to hear.
What are you gonna do?
I know how you feel.
We lost Mom last year.
You remember?
At least she didn't suffer.
Ralphie. I need to talk to you.
And. Albert...
you too.
Vito. have a sfogliatell'.
Carmela. she's gone!
Come on.
All right. who gave the order
to torch one of Albert's trucks?
One of the trucks.
Be quiet. Albert.
Talk to him.
He lit up two of my Dumpsters.
What's the matter with you?
Both of you.
We're in the newspapers every
fucking week with this shit.
My crew is in line
for the Raritan Township
contract. okay?
This guy over there keeps
whispering to Albert...
Your what?
What did you say?
Whose crew?
You're the boss.
you get to put in anybody
you want over the crew.
You're a captain. Ralphie.
when I say you're a captain.
And I'm gonna turn up my
hearing aid so I don't miss it.
Oh. you're gonna
get cute with me?
With my mother lying dead?
Raritan Township. the recycling
manager over there. Joe Zachary.
he knows who's in line
for that contract.
But he keeps playing
footsie with Albert.
The next minute.
he's threatening to go
to the EPA. bust us all.
He said that?
All right. fix it.
No more fires.
Dude. I'm gonna ditch Spanish.
I'll meet you
by the trophy case.
How could we possibly
get busted?
Don't worry about it.
The boys' room behind the stage?
They never check in there.
Mr. Soprano. Janice. Barb.
Please accept
my condolences.
I'll use all my powers.
all my skills.
All right. don't go crazy.
I mean. you know?
Then we're not envisioning
any visitation hours for Mom?
Well. you see.
she didn't want any service
of any kind.
I find that hard
to accept.
Is...
Is she still down
at the hospital morgue?
We brought Mom here
this morning.
She's downstairs.
There's gonna be a priest
or something. though. right?
Well. yeah. sure.
a priest. I guess.
But...
What would that be?
You're not having
a funeral Mass?
And I'm not trying to sell here.
Well. she was Catholic.
but not religious.
Mm.
I thought maybe we'd have
a shindig at the house.
You know. after.
so the grandkids could.
you know...
I don't know.
I mean. I do know
what Mom's wishes were.
but not to have
a wake or a funeral?
It makes us look like
we're unloving children.
not to mention cheapskates.
Who gives a shit
what it looks like?
The woman expressed her wishes.
I wish to honor my mother.
There's a lot of things I could
say now I'm not gonna say!
What. you think we should
do something now?
When she was young.
she used to picture her funeral.
All right. fine.
you want to do something?
Let's just do it.
Let's stop talking about it.
Cozzerelli.
you arrange everything.
The wake. the funeral.
you send me the bill.
I want you to know. Tony.
that this all won't fall on you.
I'll do a painting for
the overleaf of the program
at the service.
Motifs from the Mexican
Day of the Dead.
Oh. one thing that I'd like
to suggest very strongly is.
at the house.
everyone gathers and each one
can voice a remembrance
or a feeling about Mom.
No. no. no. I don't want any
of that California bullshit.
People can drink.
they can eat some Gorgonzola.
They want to yak about Ma.
that's their business.
No. "I'm sorry."
"my condolences." nothing.
Actually. that's good.
It's a relief
you're not saying nothing.
you want to know the truth.
Everybody else. all bullshit.
All right.
here's the thing.
I'm glad she's dead.
Not just glad.
I wished she'd die.
Wished.
Got this court case coming up.
She might have
testified against me.
so when I heard she was dead.
relief flooded into my veins.
How do you feel about the fact
that your own mother would have
testified against you?
Oh. come on. will you
listen to yourself?
I mean. is that right.
wishing her dead?
Is that being a good son?
A good son?
Yeah. a good son.
- I mean. bad sons...
- Bad sons. what?
They should fucking die.
That's a fucking miserab'.
disgusting thing to be.
a bad son.
I mean. your kid up at Bard.
he better be a good son. right?
You know what?
You're right.
Why the fuck
should I be a good son
to that fucking
demented old bat.
that fucking selfish
miserable cunt?
She ruined my father's life.
Oh. yeah.
But he wasn't her son.
What did she do to you?
Come on. that's a matter
of public record in here.
We both know.
You don't like to say it.
do you?
Who knows if she even
knew what she was doing.
You're letting her off.
My uncle denies it. you know.
that she took part.
Your uncle loves you.
I never said he didn't!
Grown children often secretly
wish for an aged parent to die.
and it's not necessary
for the parent
to be a witness
for the prosecution.
It's a taboo thought.
but common.
Particularly if the parent
has lost all capacity for joy
at being alive.
So we're probably
done here. right?
She's dead.
What's happening?
Tony Soprano's mother's wake
is tonight.
Want me to wear a wire?
Why not?
You need batteries?
Let's go right over here
to Office Depot.
Janice.
I'm downstairs!
- Hey.
Mom would want a closed casket.
don't you agree?
Yeah. definitely.
You know. they usually put
a picture on the casket.
What do you think?
Wow. look at that.
She's smiling.
She looks...
normal.
Maybe it was us kids
who turned her into
a freaking sourpuss.
- Maybe it was one of us.
- Oh. get...
Get the fuck... Get off!
All right. all right.
all right. all right.
You know.
maybe you're right.
My shrink says that all women
are not cut out to be mothers.
Is that a slam at me?
No.
Look. if my father was in
the freaking Cirque de Soleil.
maybe I would've turned out
like Har... Hal.
- Well. this is fucking weird.
- What?
None of my childhood
schoolwork or artwork.
or anything. for that matter
is here anymore. and nor Barb's.
Get the fuck out of here.
"Anthony Soprano.
Seventh grade.
Mr. Martino."
I had him.
"Why Fear Strikes Out by
Jim Piersall is a good book."
Well. take a look.
She only saved yours.
What are you talking about?
Here's Barbara's
communion certificate.
Here's her baby shoe.
Yeah. that's it.
Nothing of mine.
I mean. everybody agreed
that I had extraordinary
visualization skills.
Those pencil drawings
that I did of Grandpa.
They're good.
Ton'. sorry.
Tony. I'm... I'm sorry.
He's disrespectful.
Thanks for coming.
Fucking motherfucking
pain in the fucking ass!
Could we not. huh?
With the tantrums?
For this shit. I missed
the Jets' first home game!
Are they saying when your
making ceremony might happen
now with this delay?
Stop asking
fucking questions!
Even if I knew.
I couldn't tell you.
Hit me. hit me.
Every little bit helps.
Anything to get through
these events.
Hey.
What a fucking blow.
- Not you too.
- I'm serious!
What. are you breaking the terms
of your house arrest?
I got a dispensation
from the marshals.
She's my sister-in-law.
for chrissake.
My dad's very ill too.
Well. thanks.
Thanks for coming.
Tony. allow me
to express my condolences
and those of the Eighth Ward.
Thank you. Assemblyman.
I met your mom
once or twice.
That was a...
a proud Newarker.
Oh. hey. hey.
- Reverend.
- My sympathies. Tony.
We talked about this day.
did we not?
You know State Assemblyman
Zellman. right?
- From the Eighth Ward?
- Do I know this guy? You bet.
Yes. we go way back.
How are you.
Assemblyman?
Reverend.
Uncle Jun'. you all right?
They're dropping
like fucking flies.
It's all that charcoal-broiled
meat you people ate.
Nobody told us till the '80s.
I'm kidding you.
you old fuck.
What's the matter with you?
Bacala said you wanted
to see me.
I gotta talk to that wife
of yours first.
- Uncle Jun'. come on.
- This is a funeral.
Enough of her soigné attitude.
Well. that's easy...
- What do you want?
- I'm hoping that we can
use this sad occasion
to put bitterness
and soreheaded feelings aside.
I'll behave how Tony wants.
I don't want to add
to his stress.
There they are.
Hi. Uncle Jun'.
Hey. Uncle Jun'.
How's that surfboard
I gave you?
Ow!
Jun'. Tony's waiting.
Ralphie Cifaretto
got word to me.
So. what does he want?
He wants a bump
up to captain.
The kid's been a top
fucking earner
ever since that rat bastard
went in the program.
You can't deny it.
Ralphie's whipped Richie's
crew into shape over there.
And three months ago. by you.
the rat bastard was
the Second fucking Coming.
Why do you do this to me?
Because I'm the boss
of this family. you forget.
I forget nothing.
Don't make me say things
to you we'll regret.
Go ahead.
I'm fucking fed up.
Hey.
I'm on the street.
That's the arrangement.
Stay home. clip your coupons.
be a happy man.
Things are good.
I'll grant you that.
- Yeah. right.
- But this economy is so robust.
you get credit for shit
you had nothing to do with.
Fucking Chinks and housewives
are betting football.
You better be finished.
Joe Zachary?
Yeah.
Oh. boys. no fires.
Tony doesn't want any fires.
Ow!
I ain't so tough.
Well. Doc.
what do you think?
Can't say.
Well. we'll hope
for the best.
Doctor. this is Tom's mother.
brother. and Miss Doyle.
The Lord bless her
and keep her.
The Lord make His face
to shine upon her
and be gracious to her.
The Lord lift up
His countenance upon her
and give her peace.
Amen.
Did you talk to her?
She's sure you said
something to him.
He won't discuss it.
He clams up.
Beautiful sendoff. T.
Thank you. thank you.
10-4.
I want to thank you for
all you've done for her.
She was much work.
But in the end.
she defeated me.
Anyway. we're not
gonna be needing
your services anymore.
obviously.
I'll be moving
into the house.
So. if you could just get
your stuff out of there
by this weekend.
I think that would be good.
I stay there only during week
when my fiancé has
his children with him.
Tony says I can
continue situation
till Bill and me
find house.
See. Tony should have
consulted me first.
I'm gonna be living
at 55 Benedek
while we deal
with the estate.
Speaking of which.
my mom had this kind of
extensive record collection.
Caruso. Robert Merrill.
shitload of Broadway shows.
Many of them
were in mint condition.
Do you know where they are?
She gave to me those records.
What?
She know I like American
show tunes. so she give to me.
I didn't ask her.
But those are
my mother's records.
and I feel very close to them.
I don't want make a trouble.
but Miss Janice.
I feel I have to respect
her wishes.
Oh. come on.
This is just about you bogarting
those discs for your ass.
Now. they're worth a fortune
to the right collector.
I will not answer such here.
I want the entire discography
back at the house
by this weekend.
Mrs. S.
How are you?
Sit down.
How's your mother?
You call her every day.
Mom passed away.
Really?
When?
About six months ago.
Please. give her my regards.
Is she still on
that crazy diet?
I brought you something.
From my restaurant.
I don't know
if you remember Vesuvio?
Mrs. S.
Oh. what's the matter?
After what my son did to you.
oh. how can I look you
in the face?
What did he do now?
You don't blame him
for setting the fire?
Artie. what are you doing?
Come on.
we have people arriving.
Let's go.
Thank you so much.
- Thank you.
- I'm so sorry.
Hey. how are you?
Look at her.
She's already
becoming a robot.
like the rest of us.
I'm so sorry
about your grandma.
Well. at least
she didn't suffer.
All her innocence is gone.
Comes to that point
in the service
where the rabbi's supposed
to extol the virtues
of the deceased.
The rabbi says. "Alas. I did
not know this man. I'm new here.
You all knew him. you say
something good about him."
Dead silence.
Goes on for about a minute.
two minutes.
Finally. a voice from the back:
"His brother was worse."
I'm walking out
with the provolone.
And I think he thinks
I smell like that.
This Survivor show.
somebody should
find the winner.
stick a pistol
in the face. and say.
"You not gonna survive this
unless you give me 25% of that
fucking million dollars."
That's not bad.
We could find out
where they live.
"See how good you survive
this. pezzo di merda."
Everyone. please.
may I have your attention?
At this time. we would
like to ask you all
to join us in the great room.
Form a circle. sit anywhere.
The floor. whatever.
Get comfortable.
so that we can all be together
and share a remembrance
or a feeling
about the woman who has
brought us all here today.
Goddamn it.
Please. everyone join us.
Paulie Gualtieri.
join us. please?
Thank you.
What the fuck
did I say. hmm?
If you'd rather. I can invite
them all back to her place.
Janice. what are you doing?
Very good.
We could all take a break
from eating for five minutes.
It won't kill us.
Most of you will
probably remember
that this was her
favorite song.
I thought it might
help us get rolling.
♪ If I loved you ♪
♪ Time and again
I would try to say ♪
♪ All I'd want you ♪
♪ To know ♪
♪ If I loved you ♪
♪ Words wouldn't come
In an easy way ♪
♪ Round in circles ♪
♪ I'd go ♪
♪ Longing to tell you ♪
♪ But afraid... ♪
Herman? Rabkin?
You two went back.
almost to the pyramids.
I...
I guess what struck me
most was...
she didn't mince words.
Between brain and mouth.
there was no interlocutor.
Anthony Jr.
I don't know what to say.
Come on.
Lay off him. Janice.
Move on.
She was my best friend.
If anybody died
or was in the hospital.
I could be sure I'd get a call
from Lee letting me know.
Thank you. Fanny.
Thank you.
Okay.
What's good for the goose...
Well. most of you
will probably remember
that I have an extraordinary
visual sense.
When I was a child.
my mother didn't let me rest
on those laurels.
She didn't flatter me.
She believed that wild flowers
blossomed best among the rocks.
With little water.
But she was tough.
But she was right.
And she's the reason
I make videos today.
Tony?
Maybe you'd like
to tell them
how Ma saved all your
childhood schoolwork
and varsity letters.
and none of mine
or Barbara's?
You just did.
Wrap it up. Janice.
I hear she didn't suffer.
For that.
we can be grateful.
Thank you.
They say...
there's no two people
on earth exactly the same.
No two faces.
No two sets
of fingerprints.
But do they know that
for sure?
'Cause they would have
to get everybody together
in one huge space.
And obviously. that's not
possible. even with computers.
Not only that.
they'd have to get
all the people who ever lived.
not just the ones now.
So they got no proof.
They got nothing.
Hey.
- So. Ton'. she's dead.
- What?
I guess our little secret...
dies with her.
Hey. pick that up!
What am I doing out here?
Everybody's in there
telling stories of her.
I got a beaut.
Artie.
Artie!
Artie. don't talk about that.
Mrs. Soprano may have passed.
but who's to say there
isn't another Mrs. Soprano
just like her.
or will be?
Maybe not with the same
fears and paranoia.
but the same.
What I'm saying is...
Thank you. Chris.
Thank you.
Um...
This is such a crock of shit.
- Carmela.
- I'm sitting here
thinking I should
protect my children
from the truth about their
grandmother on the one hand.
On the other.
I'm saying to myself.
"What kind of example
am I setting?"
Evading and smiling.
passing out cheese puffs
over a woman that we all know
was terribly dysfunctional.
Who spread no cheer at all.
Carmela. be quiet.
This is my house!
- I'm leaving.
- Let her talk. goddamn it.
- Sit down. Hugh!
- No. I'll speak if I want!
Goddamn it. who are you.
Minister of Propaganda?
We suffered for years
under the yoke of that woman.
Years!
She estranged us
from our own daughter.
Ruined I don't know how many
goddamn Christmases.
I don't want to even
begin to count.
- Hugh.
- No. don't hand me that!
Bullshit!
You wanted it.
you got it.
Hear. hear.
From beyond the grave even.
This is a woman
who didn't want a funeral.
You all. her children.
you ignored her wishes.
Only after she's dead.
by the way.
She didn't want a funeral.
She didn't want
a remembrance of any kind.
Why?
She didn't think
anybody would come.
She wouldn't write down her
memories for her grandchildren.
'cause she figured nobody
loved her enough to read them.
She knew there was a problem.
Um. there's. uh.
desserts in the dining room.
if anybody wants some.
Yes...
and they're all
from Vesuvio.
Our new pastry chef.
Bobby Vasquez.
Thanks.
Mike's here.
He's come to see you.
You must like Mike
a lot better than me.
No. no. Tommy boy.
You're my baby.
You're going to get
well and strong.
All of us.
Together again.
Oh.
I'm almost glad this happened.
Yeah?
This is Mike.
When?
You were?
Fine.
Ma. they're bringing
Tom home.
They are? When?
Right now. He's on his way.
Oh. it's wonderful.
I'll get his room ready.
I knew my baby would come home.
Oh...
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm